docs: update readme (#2)
Sage/carbon-codemod: transforms/button-destructive/README.md

# button-destructive

> In order to add secondary and tertiary buttons to carbon-react, the `destructive` buttonType has been replaced with a dedicated prop.

Reviewer: It looks like we replaced type property with buttonType. Therefore following would describe it clearly:
```suggestion
In order to add `secondary` and `tertiary` buttons to carbon-react, the `type` property has been replaced with a dedicated property called `buttonType`.
```

Author: Yes, I'll update this in a commit.

Author: This PR might look a little confusing because `master` calls it `type`, this was a mistake hence the `fix` commit changing it to `buttonType.
